So she was considering in her own mind (as well as she could, for the
Hot day made her feel very sleepy and stupid) whether the pleasure of
Making a daisy chain would be worth the trouble of getting up and
Picking the daisies, when suddenly a white rabbit with pink eyes ran
Close by her.

There was nothing so very remarkable in that; nor did alice think it
So very much out of the way to hear the rabbit say to itself, "oh
Dear! Oh dear! I shall be too late!" (when she thought it over
Afterwards, it occurred to her that she ought to have wondered at this,
But at the time it all seemed quite natural); but when the rabbit
Actually took a watch out of its waist coat pocket, and looked at it,
And then hurried on, alice started to her feet, for it flashed across
Her mind that she had never before seen a rabbit with either a
Waist coat pocket, or a watch to take out of it, and burning with
Curiosity, she ran across the field after it, and was just in time to
See it pop down a large rabbit hole under the hedge.

In another moment down went alice after it, never once considering how
In the world she was to get out again.

The rabbit hole went straight on like a tunnel for some way, and then
Dipped suddenly down, so suddenly that alice had not a moment to think
About stopping herself before she found herself falling down what seemed
To be a very deep well.

Either the well was very deep, or she fell very slowly, for she had
Plenty of time as she went down to look about her, and to wonder what
Was going to happen next. First, she tried to look down and make out
What she was coming to, but it was too dark to see anything; then she
Looked at the sides of the well and noticed that they were filled with
Cupboards and bookshelves: here and there she saw maps and pictures
Hung upon pegs. She took down a jar from one of the shelves as she
Passed; it was labelled "orange marmalade," but to her disappointment it
Was empty; she did not like to drop the jar for fear of killing
Somebody underneath, so managed to put it into one of the cupboards as
She fell past it.The end.